select iden.rel_identity,UNIX_TIMESTAMP(cycle.valid_date) validDate,UNIX_TIMESTAMP(cycle.expire_date) expireDate,cycle.os_sts_dtl osStsDtl,iden.identity from (
select * from cm_res_identity_0 union
select * from cm_res_identity_1 union
select * from cm_res_identity_2 union
select * from cm_res_identity_3 union
select * from cm_res_identity_4 union
select * from cm_res_identity_5 union
select * from cm_res_identity_6 union
select * from cm_res_identity_7 union
select * from cm_res_identity_8 union
select * from cm_res_identity_9 
) iden join (
select * from cm_res_lifecycle_0 union
select * from cm_res_lifecycle_1 union
select * from cm_res_lifecycle_2 union
select * from cm_res_lifecycle_3 union
select * from cm_res_lifecycle_4 union
select * from cm_res_lifecycle_5 union
select * from cm_res_lifecycle_6 union
select * from cm_res_lifecycle_7 union
select * from cm_res_lifecycle_8 union
select * from cm_res_lifecycle_9
) cycle
on iden.resource_id = cycle.resource_id where cycle.valid_date between '2016-04-01 00:00:00' and '2037-01-01 00:00:00' and cycle.os_sts_dtl in (2, 4) order by validDate asc;
